HELP Information on Running SolarSoft under Windows


This page assumes that you have already created a SolarSoft installation
on your Windows PC using the form in the SolarSoft web pages - see the
URL:

   http://www.lmsal.com/solarsoft/ssw_install_howto.html


Although we have attempted to make things as similar as possible, there
are several differences in between running SolarSoft under Unix and
Windows. These relate mainly to when and where IDL is configured to a
particular selection of SolarSoft instruments. Under Unix, most things are
done before, or as you enter IDL - under Windows, everything is done
within IDL.

All the files that define the environment variables under Unix should
work. However, when you enter SSW IDL under Windows you will only have the
general part of the SolarSoft tree selected (unless you have selected
particular set of instrument in sswidl.bat). You then need to select the
instruments you wish to use with setssw_windows.


Starting SSW:

SSW should be invoked by executing the sswidl.bat file that is supplied as
part of your SolarSoft installation under Windows. You can do this by
double clicking on the sswidl.bat file - you can create a shortcut to this
file if you want to.

The sswidl.bat file defines a number of things needed to run SolarSoft,
including specifying the environment variable IDL_STARTUP. Within IDL, you
should clear the preferred startup field - the routine defined by
IDL_STARTUP will then be used.

IDL_STARTUP should point to IDL_STARTUP_WINDOWS - other SSW initialization
is done within ssw_setup_windows which is called by IDL_STARTUP_WINDOWS.
None of these routines should need modifying - any adjustments to the
location of SSW and SSWDB should be made in the sswidl.bat file.


More detailed information on running SolarSoft under windows can be on the
Web found under URL:

   http://ydac.mssl.ucl.ac.uk/sswdoc/local_copy/windows_using.html


Further information on SolarSoft can be found on the Web under URL:

   http://www.lmsal.com/solarsoft


R.D. Bentley, 30 June 2000
